fix: nil-check values being added to dictionaries (#2995)
getsentry/sentry-cocoa: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixes 

- Propagate span when copying scope (#2952)

> - Prevent crashes in profiler when adding potentially `nil` references to dictionaries (#2995)

Author: ```suggestion
- Prevent potential crashes in profiler by nil-checking object references added to dictionaries (#2995)
```
